Tonight at 11:00...
(SHOUTING)
Doom!
Boy, that thing's big.
Fry, is my colossal eye
too big?
No, it's what
makes you you.
But it's so round,
so hideously round.
Leela, listen.
You're the most
beautiful woman
I've ever known.
Oh. So you only care
about my looks?
No, I... What?
Finally, New New York
got a blast of class today
as Nikolai, playboy ruler
of the Robo-Hungarian Empire,
arrived aboard
his extravagant
caviar-powered yacht.
I am just
a humble emperor
with a big,
big crown!
Of course
I'm not planning to
steal that crown!
What?
True.
I've always dreamed
of being an emperor.
You know, for Halloween,
and then forever.
But heisting those jewels
would be difficult.
You'd be stupid to try.
I'll need accomplices.
A sexy vamp to distract
and tie up the guard.
Never!
A claw man to slip past
the metal detector
and cut the alarm wires.
Sorry,
I'm set for life
after that last job.
And finally, a chump,
to be caught on video
and later arrested.
As I told you on
Sucker-Punch Day,
I'm through being a chump.
Of course,
it would all require
split-second robotic timing.
That's where I come in.
You see, I own a watch.
There. This time I'm sure
I've fixed the mind switcher.
Good, I'm sick of
cleaning up those heaps
of dead monkeys.
But why would
you want your mind
in a new body?
Well, as a man
enters his 18th decade,
he thinks back
on the mistakes
he's made in life.
Like the heaps
of dead monkeys?
Science cannot move forward
without heaps!
No, what I regret
is the youth I wasted
playing it safe.
I wasted my
youth porking out.
Yes, I remember.
Would you please
take that down?
It's making me hungry.
Funny, I could use
a little extra meat
on my bones.
Wait a second!
If we switched bodies,
I could live life
to the extreme,
and you could indulge
your demonic food lust.
(GASPS) We're just the people
this mind switcher was
made for by us!
Wait, can I still
change my mind?
Let's find out.
(IN AMY'S VOICE)
It didn't work, you
doddering old... (GASPS)
(IN FARNSWORTH'S VOICE)
Ah! Cartilage!
Dude, I bid you
a fond cowabunga.
I'm off to laugh
at the Reaper.
(WHOOPING)
Look out, world,
here I... (GROANS)
I'm sorry, Amy,
but your body's
not up to the task.
Also,
I don't care for these boobs
flapping every which way.
Now, quit your
bologna-gargling
and let's switch back
into our original bodies.
Body-switching, eh?
Mayhap the heist is back on.
Who needs accomplices,
if I can just
use their bodies?
(DEVICE BEEPING)
Professor,
what's not happening?
Bad news, me.
I failed to take into account
the cerebral immune response.
You idiot!
Once two bodies
have switched minds,
they can never
switch back.
However,
perhaps they can.
Maybe we can swap back
using a third body
for temporary storage space.
I'm 60% storage space.
You are?
I... Mmm?
(IN BENDER'S VOICE)
Well, I'm off to
the royal yacht
for a quick
seduce-and-snatch.
See you!
(IN FARNSWORTH'S VOICE)
Now, then, Amy
we'll simply switch bodies,
and then we'll...
We'll...
No, I'd be back
in my body,
but then you and Bender
would be switched.
And the Amy and Bender bodies
can't trade minds again,
since they just did.
Oh, no!
Is it possible to
get everyone back
to normal using
four or more bodies?
I'm not sure.
I'm afraid we need to use
math.
Stupid air-needing lungs.
(GASPS) The crown jewels.
Now I just have
to locate the guard
and seduce him in...
Four seconds?
GUARD: Who goes there?
Three, two, one.
(IN FEMALE VOICE)
Hello, big boy.
(IMITATING EROTIC MUSIC)
Silence!
I am Basil,
the Emperor's cousin
and chief of his royal guard.
And I shall not
be seduced by a...
I said...
(IMITATING EROTIC MUSIC)
(GROANING)
(MUTTERING)
Professor?
What's the matter?
I'm Amy.
The Professor and I
switched bodies.
Oh, lord.
All I wanted was to
gorge myself a little,
but I can't digest anything
with these false teeth
and this hit-or-miss colon.
At least you get
a senior discount
at the movies.
I hate paying $14
to see Nicolas Cage
solve things.
If you want to save $2,
we could switch bodies.
Hmm. We can always
switch back, right?
(GIGGLES INNOCENTLY)
Hey, Leela.
Mmm.
What smells saturated?
Deep-fried ice cream sandwich
wrapped in frosting
and lightly baconed.
Whoa. That sounds
like something Amy
would say and eat.
I am Amy. Leela and I
used the Professor's
mind-switching machine.
So Leela's
in your body?
(IN LEELA'S VOICE)
Not exactly.
(EXCLAIMS IN FEAR)
Aha! You do only
like me for my body!
That is entirely
not true, sir!
(MUFFLED GROANS)
Now to go switch
bodies with Zoidberg,
sneak past the metal detector
and clip the alarm wires,
all in less than...
Ten minutes ago? Oh!
(BEEPING)
(ALARM SOUNDING)
Uh, could you come back
when my chump gets here?
Now, then,
what is a filthy human doing
aboard my royal yacht?
With all due respect,
Your Majesty,
I'm a robot like you.
I just switched bodies
with some bimbo.
Go ahead, ask me something
only a robot would know.
A reverse Turing Test, eh?
Very good.
What is the square root
of nine?
Uh, hold on, let me
just get out a pencil.
(SIGHS) Okay, look,
I'm not that kind of robot.
I'm more this kind of robot.
(BEAT BOXING)
He steps forwards
but moves backwards.
By the gods!
He is a machine!
No, that won't
restore everyone, either.
Besides, I don't want
my decrepit old body back!
I'm running away with
this invincible robot body
and joining something.
Look,
I paid for 15 robot clowns
per cubic meter of car,
and you're
barely giving me 12.
Now, crumple up and get in...
And fasten your seatbelts.
(ALL GROANING)
Come on!
Good day.
I am Nonchalanto,
the robot daredevil.
And my dream is to
risk my life in strange
and original ways.
Hmm. You don't look
so foolhardy to me.
(APPLAUSE)
That's the dumbest thing
anybody's ever done.
You're hired!
So you're a common
bending robot,
with a human
peasant roommate?
Oh, crap,
that is what I am!
No, Bender, I envy you.
I'm so bored
with all these
pretentious trappings.
The jewels, the parties,
the beautiful robo-women.
Hello.
(SCOFFS) My fiancée,
Princess Flavia.
Dearest, meet Bender.
He's a robot in the body of
a Chinese Martian physicist.
How tedious.
Oh, to escape this
gilded cage for a day.
You know,
we could trade bodies.
I could take over
the humdrum royal stuff,
and you could be
a regular Joe for a day.
Or more. Much more.
In that horrid
non-robot body?
Sir, I have my standards.
Ah, but what if I could
put you in my fabulous
bending-robot body?
(GIGGLES) Me, posing
as a lowly bending unit?
How wicked!
But wait, I'm supposed
to give a speech
at the U. N. Tomorrow.
Can I trust you to do it?
You can trust anything.
So now Leela's
all crotchety
because she thinks
I'm not attracted to her
in the Professor's body.
You aren't, are you?
Of course not!
But I was willing
to lie about it.
What more can a man do?
A man can give her a toke
of her own medicine.
Yes! I could put my mind
into a hideous body
and show Leela she's
not attracted to me.
But it would have to be
a really, really
disgusting body.
Friends! Friends!
I've got barnacles
on my tuchus.
The long search is over.
Wait here and earn interest
while I find my robot body.
Professor?
Leela. Amy?
Bender.
Have you seen my body?
I think
the Professor's in it.
Yeah, he said something
about running away.
Then he ran away.
What? Whither?
What am I gonna do?
I got an emperor
all patsied up to
switch bodies,
but only with
another robot!
Washbucket full.
Scruffy's work here
is done.
(CHUCKLING)
(CACKLING)
(IN BENDER'S VOICE)
Now to find Emperor
Von Richendoof.
Now to find Scruffy.
Switch bodies?
I don't see why not.
I also don't see why.
(CHUCKLING)
(IN FRY'S VOICE)
In your face, Leela.
If you're a bender,
why is your body
full of fetid water?
If you're an emperor,
why don't you shut up?
Move it, Fry!
Well, so long.
Wait!
Point me to my
normal human roommate!
That's him there.
Maybe.
Got to go!
(IN DR. ZOIDBERG'S VOICE)
Robot?
Yes, 'tis I, Bender.
Do you not recognize
your own best friend?
Aha! The guy in this body
has a friend!
Bender, old pal!
It's me, the Fry!
But then Nicolas Cage
discovered the real
treasure was his family.
Yes, I'll hold.
Hey, Leela, look!
I'm in Zoidberg!
Fry?
You're not so shallow
that you find me repulsive
because of my body, are you?
(CHOKES)
Not at all.
Amy? Stop it!
Fry, help!
She's turning me
into a parade float.
Ew! Look at her!
(GROWLS)
Oh. So you're so shallow
that my body disgusts you
if it puts on
a little extra weight?
That wasn't
a little extra weight.
Admit it!
You don't care about
the inner me at all!
No, you admit it!
You'd be ashamed
to be seen in public
with someone as
hideous as me!
Would not!
Oh, yeah?
Then I challenge you
to a romantic dinner
at Elzar's tonight.
It's on.
(DOOR OPENS)
Sweet orca of Majorca!
You make Fat Albert look
like Normal Albert!
I don't know what to do.
Do you think I
should eat more butter?
I am putting a stop
to this right now!
Come on.
We're switching bodies.
Hermes, no!
I'll ruin your body, too!
Three decades of the munchies
beat you to it.
BIG BERTHA: You make
quite a show, young man.
You remind me of myself
as a young cannon.
Big Bertha is
the circus's grande dame.
She shoots robots
through the air.
(BELCHES)
Excuse me.
Too much goulash.
I've always wanted
to be shot out of something.
How about a quick
blast after lunch?
Alas, a fine big one like you
would shatter my barrel.
But, ah, to amaze
the crowd once more.
I understand
the problems of age,
but suppose I could
put you in a new body?
Never! My body may be old,
but it is mine,
and every crack
a memory of heavy things
shot a long way.
Good day!
(JEWELS CLATTERING)
(SIGHS)
I have
everything I ever wanted.
Money, wealth, riches.
Yet something's missing.
A hot princess with
whom to get grizzly.
Hello.
Hello, baby!
Huh? Hey,
what's going on here?
And why are you kissing
my dashing cousin
instead of me?
Nikolai,
you imperial fool.
We've been having
an affair for 700 years.
At long last,
I shall kill you,
blame the burglar
and inherit the throne.
Farewell, Nikolai.
Wait! I'm not Nikolai!
I'm Bender,
the fabulous
body-switching burglar.
So you are.
However, you do
have Nikolai's body,
and that's the part
we want to kill.
(MOTOR RUNNING)
Great food, huh?
(BURPS)
(ALL GROANING)
Ew!
I'm sorry, Leela.
I hope that didn't make you
ashamed to be seen with me.
No, it only makes
you more attractive.
(PEOPLE GASPING)
Ew!
Oh! Did my bodily
infirmity embarrass you?
Not at all.
It's just another thing
that makes you
a very special lady.
You mean, like my penis?
(EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST)
Admit it!
You're disgusted by me!
No,
you're disgusted by me!
I'm as attracted to
you as I've ever been!
Prove it!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Well, Bender,
here's our apartment
that we live in every day.
A floor?
We live like kings!
Kings? Silence!
Like you, I'm a common lout.
Now fetch me some
working-class cognac
from our brandy storeroom
that you know how to find.
Uh...
(SCREAMS)
Relax, Bender.
I'll dry up that leak
with this heating box.
(GAS LEAKING)
Ah, cigars.
Light me up, old friend.
(PANTING)
There you are,
Emperor Nikolai.
It's time for your
speech to the U. N.
What now?
(SCREAMS)
Miss Wong?
No, Scruffy,
I am Washbucket.
I love you.
Washbucket has
always loved you.
This is wrong, Washbucket.
Oh, it would be
sweet for a while,
but in the back of our minds,
we'd know that I'm a man
and you're
janitorial equipment.
In another city,
we could be anyone we want!
Go. Go now,
before I beg you to stay.
(CRYING)
Yep.
Please welcome
an insane dictator,
and one heck of a bowler,
Emperor Nikolai!
Thanks, Nixon.
How we doing?
WOMAN: I love you,
Your Majesty!
Shut up, Madame Ambassador!
I know it!
Anyhow,
(CLEARING THROAT)
I'd now like to digress
from my prepared remarks
to say I'm done!
(ALL CHEERING)
Ladies and gentlemen,
this robot is an impostor!
(ALL GASPING)
(EXCLAIMS)
I shall enjoy this.
Not me!
That devil, Basil,
will kill our emperor.
You're Robo-Hungarian?
Yes. Our nation's
chief export is carnies.
If only there were some way
I could get to the U. N.
To help.
There is.
Get in, Nonchalanto.
Bertha, no!
It would kill you!
I have not so much
time left anyhow.
But you could get a new body!
You could have a rich,
full life!
I am trying to have
a rich, full life!
Long live Robo-Hungary!
(GROANING)
(SCREAMING)
Me!
Thank God you've come!
This is for Big Bertha!
That is not what
I meant to give you
for Big Bertha.
(SIGHS) That was nice.
Oh, yeah.
(BOTH GASP)
Ow! Ow!
(SCREAMS)
(SHATTERS)
(EXCLAIMS)
Whoever you are,
you're the bravest robot
I've ever seen.
I like killing brave things.
Good!
Because I've got 20
of them per cubic meter.
When I grow up,
I want to be a diplomat!
Well, if there's one
thing I've learned,
it's a lesson.
I believe this
belongs to you.
I shall sell it to
help the common folk,
now that I understand
their misery.
Yeah, good luck with that.
I must say, Hermes,
you've got
a smoking-hot body.
(IN HERMES'S VOICE)
I was inspired by Amy.
Wow! How'd you do it?
Well,
there I was at Elzar's,
eating a nice pork sundae,
and suddenly,
I just lost my appetite.
Forever.
Q to the E to the D!
So it is possible for
us all to get back to
our original bodies?
Stone-cold munching, Prof.
Sweet Clyde,
characterize your
inversion theorem.
Basically, no matter
how permuted-up
your minds are,
they can be restored using,
at most, two extra players.
And they say
pure math has no
real-world applications!
(ALL CHEERING)
Everybody back
in their zones?
Yes sir!
Yes!
Ah! My body may be old,
but it is mine.
Brilliant work, Clyde!
You'll win the NBA's highest
academic honor for this.
Also,
I'm making you a duke.
So long, filthy commoners!
¡Adiós!
(CHUCKLES)
And I'm left
with the real jewels
safely inside...
His compartment?
(GROANS)
All right.
I'll need accomplices.
ENGLISH - US - PSDH